you
Evan, run!
Trust me, it's real.
It's real.
Full speed, Kevin.
Hi everybody, it's ZDoggMD, aka Dr. Zubin Damania.
You guys may know me as a fierce vaccine advocate, from such hits as Immunize and One Injection, as well as the HPV anthem, More Than Warts.
But today I'm here to do something that's very hard for me and very painful, and that's say, forgive me, I was wrong.
Look, I've vaccinated both of my little girls and myself routinely and on schedule,
I've been committing a crime.
Now, the people who brought this to my attention were the anti-vaccine advocates who were brave enough to come to my Facebook page and weather the storm of criticism from highly educated, highly trained medical professionals who thought they were crazy.
But they let me know that despite my four years of UCSF medical school education, three years of Stanford internal medicine training, and 10 years of experience practicing medicine, understanding immunology and epidemiology,
that I still hadn't done my own research on understanding how vaccines could be so terribly harmful and at the root of our autism epidemic.
And so I listened to them.
I listened to these fierce advocates for our children.
And I studied the luminaries in the field, first by doing a literature search,
Google, I studied extensively the work of such luminaries in immunology as Jim Carrey, Jenny McCarthy, and a guy who used to be an actual doctor, Andrew Wakefield.
After that, I followed it up with a Dr. Oz marathon, and here's what I learned.
I learned that I was wrong.
I'd been relying on decades of research in immunology and epidemiology that showed that vaccines were safe and effective.
What was I thinking?
Why didn't I do my own research before I poisoned my own little girls?
My daddy instinct told me, these children can't tolerate all these antigens at once when they're young.
I mean, in the old days, people would wallow in raw sewage.
We're not evolved to handle that, people.
And then I learned about the preservatives and the mercury and the toxins in these so-called vaccines.
Sure, medical authorities say that there are tiny, tiny concentrations that could never pose a risk.
But guess what?
I've studied homeopathy.
The more dilute something is, the stronger it is.
And speaking of poison, pediatricians.
How can you trust the least caring, least compassionate type of specialist?
They are becoming rich over these vaccines on the backs of our children.
I saw our ex-pediatrician driving a Hyundai.
How can you trust someone brimming with cash like that?
And don't even get me started on the CDC and big pharma people.
That reminds me.
I almost forgot my protection.
And so, Z-Pac, today I want to announce that I am actually planning to unvaccinate my children and myself.
People may ask, can this be done?
I did another literature search on Google and Mercola.com, and this is what I learned.
With a combination of aromatherapy, essential oils, and a new meditation technique called mindlessness meditation,
I can unvaccinate and draw and chelate those toxins out of my children.
I can save them from the dangers of vaccines.
And you can too.
I'll report back when it's done.
ZDogg out.
Namaste.
calls his group the Z-Pack.
Interesting choice in 2016.
On April 1st, 2016.
I wonder what else happened on that date.
Just, it's literally turning into worst case scenario.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
On every slide, the first slide, I have quotes, and I know that you don't read them.
at all, because you don't need to read them to pass or get a good grade.
But this one is pretty cool.
The quote from Alice in Wonderland.
One can't believe impossible things, said Alice.
I dare say you haven't had much practice, said the queen.
Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
So that's totally suitable for this lecture.
A lot of impossible things are going to happen today.
Why in the world would somebody who teaches a virology class at Columbia say that lots of impossible things are going to happen today in a lecture about viral replication?
And why would he carelessly misquote a easily checkable quote to leave out the most important sentence, which is that I used to believe in impossible things for
a half an hour a day when I was your age.
The guy who essentially has his name on the invention that can be best described in modern slave speak vernacular as infectious clones.
Think about that very carefully.
I think it's really important to understand that one point very clearly.
Let me just click over here quick and make sure that this is working okay and then I will start with a song.
Hopefully it will be
enjoyable one and then we'll get on with the show.
I got to get done by two because we do have basketball as well.
So this again, this work is dedicated to Brandy Vaughn who said it exactly right when no one else around her would do so.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by biologists.
I hope together we are seeking the truth.
And I do think that biology is the way I'm going to go.
pretty hard on a number of people, and I'm going to say specific names because I'm not sure when I will get a chance to do it again.
And more importantly, I'm not sure how many times you will get a chance to hear me do it.
And so it is the 19th of March, 2025.
The voice you are listening to is Jonathan Cooey.
I'm the chief biologist in here in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, coming to you live out of the back of my garage.
I used to be an academic biologist, a neurobiologist.
You can see me back there in the picture.
You can find a little bit of that work on PubMed.
I've spoken to a lot of these groups.
I've made a lot of videos.
I've tried to hone my message to get an elevator pitch together.
I've given it a few times and it's had an impact, but not enough of an impact because kids are still,
taking vaccines and old people are still taking vaccines and so I'm going to try and expand this work onto the basketball court and also into a high school curriculum that you might be able to work through with your children together.
If you want to support that work, please go to gehomebiological.com and find a way to donate just a little bit of money.
I'm not asking for a lot, although if you're a person sitting on a potentially weaponizable pile of money and you want me to help you weaponize it, I assure you I have lots of ways to do it, including I'm very interested in billboards.
So we are starting a nonprofit and it should be up in a month or so.
And at that point in time, maybe people who are interested in really taking action can start to contribute in those ways as well.
We are currently maintaining stream.gigaohm.bio as a working
archive of the work.
It's also a place where you can watch the live stream if you want to start a more public and also in-depth conversation.
You could try to holler at me at GigaOM.bio.
Ladies and gentlemen, RNA cannot pandemic intramuscular injection as medicine is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always a crime and the population pyramids are a problem that needed managing and that's what you're experiencing right now.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
What time is it?
Game time!
Woo!
one million battles take mcs round them up like cattle bread them and then i'll lock them up in a pen and if they want another trial then i will do it again because my name is young i see i'm not gonna make this my craft but when i first started everyone just left because i got rocked and rolled left out in the cold because i was trying to battle men when i was 10 years old but time went
It wasn't hard for me to do it, there was really nothing to it.
And now once did I hear someone say, you're young and sick, you blew it.
So listen, party people, I got something to say.
I guess I'm just like Burger King because you have it your way.
You know, it makes me delighted to think of a rhyming writer.
So next time I have a party, I'll make sure that you're invited to the jam of the year.
I'll hold it right here.
And after all is said and done, I'd like to make it quite clear that I came here tonight to have some fun.
My name is Young MC, backwards it's MC Young.
I let them know.
With me there is the number call my house.
The name is young MC.
I'll let him know
If every rapper was Hawaiian, I'd walk the dot home.
You're a fish who's out of water.
I'm a great white shark.
I'm a healthy burst of lightning.
You're a shot in the dark.
I'm a law abiding citizen.
You're breaking the laws.
And I'm a man who's almost perfect.
You're filled with flaws.
This is not exaggeration.
This is straight up truth.
Rappers to me were good sex.
It's the Dr. Ruth.
Rappers just like sex.
Because I'm a mental please.
But when you're listening to my rhyme, you never catch a disease.
Not like a man once said, when you're smoking.
I think it's really important to accentuate the fact that I am conscious of this
Message that I'm sending about Kevin McKernan.
I'm conscious of who he is what he claims and who is promoting him and I understand how much that Potentially could expose myself and my family to a great deal of scrutiny if I was wrong about it and yet I am still 100% committed to this because I think I
I think it's 100% right.
Welcome to the show, ladies and gentlemen.
A spectacular commitment to lies is all that is required.
Just hold the microphone and nod and ask a few questions that Kevin McKernan gave you beforehand, and he'll answer in the same way that he always has.
This is a traitor to our grandchildren, no differently than you can imagine Tony Fauci is, no differently than you can imagine Peter Hotez is.
But what's perhaps more difficult to imagine is that Kevin McKernan worked with a lot of these people, descends from the same mentor chain as a lot of these people, just like Robert Malone does, just like Judy Mikovits does.
And so when I scramble this, put those people in the background, and put these social media clowns in front of you, it doesn't mean that I still don't respect the fact that the majority of these ideas were created
in these big-name scientists, in these big-name mentor chains.
It's just that now, because of social media, these charlatans can put acolytes in front of us and not even have to do the dirty work themselves.
And that also makes them vulnerable because these people aren't as good at it.
These people can't curate the narrative like they could.
And I think their own CV, their own sort of artificial
presence in this narrative gives me hope that our children if we can't figure it out our children might be able to figure it out if we record this history accurately and anybody looking for the truth will stumble upon it and it just needs to be accurately recorded so that this social media reality is dispelled for what it is and these kids learn biology so that the number of people who are able to curate this myth continues to dwindle
until the truth it it's just you know it's broken that the illusion is broken because there's no more participation ladies and gentlemen intramuscular injection as medicine is dumb transfection healthy people is a crime and RNA cannot pandemic
We've been trying to say it for a while now, ladies and gentlemen, but there it is at the bottom of the screen, and now in the middle, the vaccine schedule in America is criminal, and any of you people outside of America could do the little bit of homework necessary to find out just how bad it is.
And I challenge you, in fact, to do that.
I think it's really important to realize that anybody in the Netherlands that wanted to wake up people in the Netherlands about what's going on in America could simply show Dutch people the vaccine schedule in its most severe form in the Netherlands and compare it to that in America.
Anybody in Denmark that wanted to help
you know, try to break this illusion could show and show Americans how trapped we are by speaking out on your own social media, on American social media and say, hey guys, wow, holy cow, I didn't check into this, but Christine Stibel Ben was right.
And you know, even just giving the kids the DTP shot actually makes them just more likely to have bad outcomes.
Isn't that weird?
And so this truth is available.
The part about it that frustrates me most, being here in March 19th, 2025, is that this truth has been available for more than a decade, perhaps more than two.
And unfortunately, we have been under the spell of acolytes put in place to control the questions we ask.
And so we haven't been able to seek the truth.
We haven't been able to start with the truth.
We weren't given the truth.
Our parents were not given the truth.
And so this is definitely a message of hope, but it's not a message for everyone, but anyone can hear it.
And so if you'll give me about an hour of your time, I think I can make a pretty reasonable argument why what social media, regardless of what side of it you watch, is not giving you the truth.
And in fact, those people that you watch are there performing to make sure that you don't ask the relevant questions that I think only GigaOM Biological and maybe a few other people on the internet are asking.
because it's a Lollapalooza of liars on the internet.
And you need to see it that way so that you understand a little bit, at least get it into perspective of how evil social media is.
And I use that word very carefully because it is.
Anywhere where liars are allowed to prosper, where liars are almost encouraged to hone their craft is not a place that you can call a legitimate town square,
you know, an advancement in society.
That's the reason why Brandy Vaughn is not on the tip of everyone's lips in the health freedom movement.
And more importantly, what Brandy Vaughn more succinctly than anyone, presentation after presentation said better than anyone, presentation after presentation said, which is what Brandy Vaughn said, and it's still not on anyone's lips.
And that's why this has been such a long, strange trip for a lot of us, because before the pandemic, none of us had any skepticism.
And so one thing to consider, if you are a national security state interested in bamboozling your population about the existence of a novel virus and the imperative acceptance of a perpetual health
you know, health state or a public health state, you might need to install a Lollapalooza of liars that would be capable of making sure that the populace would never wake up to the game.
And I'm suggesting, and I think Mark Kulak is one of the few people, and Joe Marshall is one of the few people that's suggesting that they, these people with a lot of money, and I mean a lot with all capital letters,
that essentially money doesn't matter for them.
It would be trivial for them to use a small portion of any of these fortunes to place acolytes in position to manipulate our questions and manipulate our thoughts and enact arguments on the internet that we feel like we're participating in.
And one of the ways that they did it more effectively than I think in human history is to orchestrate an argument about what this signal is.
Despite what should be an obvious, you know, like you flip some switches here, right?
Like you flipped a switch about right here, and then you flipped a few more switches like right here, because it went right back to normal, kind of.
We need to take this into account that this is not a natural signal.
This is malfeasance.
This is murder.
And that a national security state or maybe even a bigger thing like a global collective of weaponized piles of money that had a general collective interest in using an unknown biological phenomenon and creating something else out of it could easily do that.
And I think that's what they did.
It's not to say that they're not still murdering people.
It's not to say that the vaccine schedule is not still shortening the life of every kid that takes it.
It's not to say that the vaccine schedule in America isn't continuing to reduce life expectancy, to increase chronic illnesses, to just make people generally less healthy, just like the food is, just like the water and the pollution is.
There's no question that this is all part of a
some kind of governance because they're doing it, and it's not by accident.
But I think it's important also to prioritize what messages we repeat.
And for me, as a biologist, I think it's most important to repeat the messages that attack the cornerstones of the pandemic narrative, and more importantly, the cornerstones of the public health narrative.
because the public health narrative is a bigger narrative than just coronavirus.
Of course it is.
I mean, they're placing climate change under the same rubric of public health and our collective need to submit to some kind of technocratic rule because there's just so many of us.
that the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few is what they are inverting.
What people like Tony Fauci's wife can only say, she can publish papers about this stuff and get away with it.
And none of these people anywhere will criticize her.
Not even the astute scholar of bioethics, Robert Malone, will never go and do a podcast about the paper that
that Tony Fauci's wife, Christine Grady, authored at the beginning of the pandemic about the ethics of pressuring people at workplaces into taking a vaccine.
And the reason why is because that went hand in hand with the idea, well, if they're not willing to be coerced, maybe we can scare them with a Scooby-Doo narrative about a novel virus and about a lab leak as a possibility.
This is a long game.
You need to see the movie Sting if you don't know about a long con.
This was a long con, not a long con like a couple months, not a long con like from March 15th, 2020 till the end of the year.
I'm talking about a long con that goes back to, you know, when Tony Fauci was still looking young.
Injection versus ingestion is a great place for you to start in terms of trying to process the illusion of allopathic medicine as it is with this model of pills and pharmaceuticals.
It's not to say that there aren't substances that you can ingest that might be good for you.
It is to say that there is a gigantic, almost unquantifiable difference between injecting substances and ingesting them.
And maybe the simplest way to say it is one we're designed to do and one we're designed not to do.
You know, turtles have shells to avoid injection.
You know what I'm saying?
Like chickens have really big fluffy feathers to avoid injection.
You know, we get calluses on the bottom of our feet and to avoid injection.
So PCR as a diagnostic is a fraud because the principle of PCR requires that there's nothing in the background to interfere.
And yet in a medical diagnostic sample, that's the opposite of what's present.
It's almost a innumerable possible number of genetic sequences that could be present in a nasal swab depending on how it's taken, in a bronchial lavage depending on how it's taken.
And so to take this sample and start with the pretense that your primers can work to pull out a single signal and use that as a diagnostic is a fraud.
Not to say that a specific signal cannot be found.
Not to say that primers cannot be used in a way to create a high fidelity test.
What I'm suggesting to you is, and hope that you understand well, is that the PCR as it was used in 2020, 2021, and 2022 was not a high-fidelity diagnostic.
It was not produced as a high-fidelity diagnostic.
It was not regulated like a high-fidelity diagnostic.
It was not even regulated like a medical device.
In fact, all of those tests were rolled out under EUA, and most of them are now gone.
And that is a giant, magnificent, big red flag, like the biggest flag you've ever seen at Denny's, times 10, that nobody will talk about that.
that we have no data from before this gray span here for any of this.
And yet there were tests that were used to test the municipal employees in California on a weekly basis that only looked for the N-protein.
If the N-protein can be specific enough for this virus, which according to the general virology lore is very dubious.
Never mind if you are skeptical of the general virology lore.
And so synthetic recombinant genetics, on the other hand, is something that all of these pharmaceutical companies have had in spades for decades.
And it is that same industrial process of using a plasmid that you can print in any number of ways, generate in any number of ways to a high fidelity to a certain degree.
And in other words, a certain length.
You can't make an infinitely long set of DNA in this way, but you can make a pretty long piece.
And it's very reliable.
And then you can take that plasmid using known
molecular signals taken from bacteria like SV40 and you can create a plasmid that
a replicating bacterial colony will copy over and over and over again, such that at a certain moment, like baking bread, you can just kind of, you know, you're done and you got all this bread.
Well, you got, you're done and you got all this DNA.
And if you purify it in a clever way, you can have a pure quantity of identical DNA plasmids that would never be able to exist in any way in nature.
Not that dissimilar from the idea that the pure uranium that is used in nuclear reactors are supposedly used in nuclear bombs.
The material, the fissile material, is at a purity that simply doesn't exist anywhere else in the galaxy.
It's not like you have to worry about stepping on a rock of pure uranium in your backyard that would explode if it got put under enough pressure.
And so synthetic recombinant genetics is a way that they make protein biologics, everything from, you know,
proteins that are needed for hemophilia, all the way up to monoclonal antibodies designed to attack a person's cancer.
They are made, the starting point is synthetic recombinant genetics, whether or not they use a bacterial culture to make a lot, a lot, a lot, or whether they use some other mechanical process or electrochemical process to kind of do the same thing, but on a smaller scale.
Synthetic recombinant genetics is a standard.
And important to the history of this, you need to understand that synthetic recombinant genetics and all of the methodologies that are used there are more or less directly from or descended from the Human Genome Project.
And the initiative, the giant pile of money, most of which was American that was thrown at that problem, was to create and discover
the technologies necessary to tackle the incredible challenge of trying to sequence the DNA in a cell.
And so the process of it, the shortcomings of these different steps and how you overcome those shortcomings, the shortcomings of the errors and the uncertainty, all of these things have been being tweaked over the last 20 or 30 years.
And it has culminated in an ever cheaper ability to make DNA and ever cheaper ability to sequence DNA, which is what all these people go and brag about all the time about how it's easy.
And that's how we know that this virus is real.
And that's definitely, that's definitely wrong.
That doesn't mean that the virus sequences are real, it just means that there are a lot of different ways that the truth could be obfuscated, that a background could be manipulated or misconstrued as something that is very high fidelity and obvious.
especially if you yourself have no idea that background even exists, and to what extent it can be probed with high fidelity, and actually very few people do.
And so if this is the truth, synthetic recombinant genetics is all that they really have, and they had it before the pandemic.
And in fact, this is how they do virology.
They make a DNA construct of the sequence they purport to find in the wild.
Often with coronaviruses, they actually only find a very short sequence and then put together the rest with other parts from previous studies.
They make a large quantity of that pure DNA and then they put it somewhere.
You know, like in a cell culture and call it a virology model when it's really just transfection.
Or put it in an animal's nose or inject it into the brain of a mouse and call it virology.
Sometimes they'll take the DNA or the RNA from an enzymatic reaction and they'll apply it to a cell culture.
And then whatever the cell culture does to package and further process that, they'll take that stuff off of the cell culture and put that in the animal and call that virology.
But in the end, they still started with a synthetic pure quantity and they put it somewhere.
Not that dissimilar.
how Shengxi Li could have taken a pure quantity of the spike protein DNA and the SARS-CoV-2 virus and put it somewhere and said, look what I found, signal pretty strong.
Sorry, I'm racist.
The transfection is a crime then.
Right?
That's the thing you need to understand.
If Kevin McKernan has been doing transfection since 1998, then he knew that college kids needed to be told that this was not an investigational vaccine, but just a transfection.
And we can't control where it goes because we've never been able to control where it goes.
And it's unfortunate how many people actually knew this at the beginning of the pandemic and didn't say anything about it.
And I'm only learning now that they knew all about this.
And they're pretending like it wouldn't have mattered if you'd have told old people that this isn't an investigational vaccine where, you know, it's just gonna turn your cells into a little spike protein factories for a few days.
But it actually will do things that we don't fully understand.
that we don't even know.
I mean, even if we did it in mice, the same thing might not happen in people anyway, so there's no point anyway.
If they were honest, they would have told you that transfecting healthy humans without really explaining to them how dangerous it is, it would be a absolutely egregious, horrible crime.
And the reason why these people, I think, fell comfortable not telling you that is because some of them have been read in on the fact that as a national security exercise, by definition, they couldn't roll out a billion hot shots.
Number one, because manufacturing a billion hot shots would have been pretty hard.
But meeting a quota of a billion shots when you know that the government would love it if you would put the vast majority of them as placebo to get the whole thing going.
It's really starting to bother me because I'm starting to think that that's how they keep the whole thing going.
How they've kept the childhood vaccine schedule going for so long is because most of the doses aren't hot.
And because most of the doses aren't hot, then most of the doctors don't know.
And the side effects are rare.
And if that trick worked for COVID, certainly makes sense that this isn't the first time they've tried it, especially given the fact that I think we can rest assured that intramuscular injection is really bad if there's crap in the needle.
But if there's saline, maybe not.
And so one of the cardinal myths of virology is this idea of endemicity.
And you can start to try to comprehend the limits of this, I think, by just thinking about paint and the idea that you would spill paint outside of your door and that eventually all the houses in the United States would be blue.
Essentially, there isn't much difference between that and the idea that somebody
walked out of a laboratory and on their shoe was pure SARS-CoV-2 and then they went to the wet market and then it got in an animal or, you know, spread through the meat or I don't know what and got on the train.
This all presupposes that
paint or an RNA molecule of the exact right sequence you know with that fancy fear and cleavage sites and a couple HIV inserts can cover the world in itself just because of the nature of the particular RNA sentence and the grammar contained within it and it's just absurd.
And yet that's what endemicity means.
That's the concept of endemicity.
And what it does is it covers up for that hot background that they don't understand, that we can't measure, that's so dominated by phages, which are essentially the exchange of genetic material from the countless bacteria that surround us.
And so a background, an almost inestimably deep background of genetic signals has been misconstrued as something very specific and very high fidelity using nonspecific PCR tests and a bunch of coordinated lying on the internet.
And none of these people can explain to you how RNA
is able to do something called pandemic, despite having none of the chemical attributes of DNA, none of the amazing repertoire of enzymes that DNA has, just a couple papers is enough.
And apparently a couple papers is going to be enough to enslave our grandchildren, and I don't want that to be the case.
I think that you can see it as a populist movement that has been recycled.
If you look at the history of the MMR shot and Andrew Wakefield's little show in the UK, I think it's very likely that Andrew Wakefield was brought to the United States and used
and updated and used in a very similar way by a populist, right, conservative, fake, maha movement.
And they had some good people on their side.
They had people like Goldman Sachs dude, intellectual property expert,
Steve Bannon, who just recently did a podcast with Gavin Newsom.
They had a guy from the Human Genome Project that could make sure that they would stay on narrative with regard to the testing, the diagnostics, and the hammering of the FDA.
And then they had the descendant of Les Weinstein,
the first intellectual property lawyer to ever serve in the Department of Justice.
Accidentally, of course, happy accident that that Department of Justice was the Department of Justice of Robert F. Kennedy, the father of Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who's now our Health and Human Services Secretary, but all the way back in
what is it, 2008 Skyhorse Publishing already put out a book where they hoped that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
would be vice president and then the president would be shot and he would become president.
So that's fine because, you know, that was just a coinkydink.
I think it's important, again, to repeat that PCR is not a diagnostic tool, that pure oxygen causes ARDS and might have been sufficient to justify all of the perception of COVID in hospitals if doctors were really that gullible, if social media was really that powerful, if the control of mainstream media was really that total, which it probably was.
And finally, I think one of the ways you can wake yourself up is to realize that anybody that you think you lost because of COVID probably died of supplementary oxygen that led to pneumonia or some other viral syndrome instead of blaming it on bacteria so they didn't get antibiotics that would have otherwise saved them.
I would be willing to bet dollars to donuts that the measles cases in
in Texas could be dying simply because they're being blamed as having viral pneumonia instead of calling it a secondary pneumonia and treating it right away as such.
I've been harping on the idea that electronic health records are soon going to be intermeshed with the genetic data that was collected during the COVID.
And that's one of the reasons why they're building this huge AI
infrastructure in the United States.
It's actually already started a long time ago.
They announced that they were going to do it and the buildings were already being built.
So this was a planned creation of a continuous stream of remnants that will continue to be produced at every corporate hospital in America in perpetuity.
This was accomplished by the slavers and it's part of this, you know, we need to collect the data before all these people are gone idea.
And so PCR is being used as a diagnostic and will continue to be used as a diagnostic as we go to the future as long as these people are in charge.
The FDA and Marty McCarty and the supervisor Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
are not going to challenge
all these medical devices, even though that is their purview, they're not gonna challenge them at all.
That's why there is this big show about foods and additives and whatever else, because they want you to think that they're doing a lot.
They want you to think they're fixing things, but these are things that anyone and everyone should want fixed and wanted fixed a long time ago.
The existence of a medical diagnostic based on PCR, not just one, but countless is horrible.
And it should be something that the FDA has a whole investigation into, but that will not happen.
And part of the reason why is because these people are put in place for that.
And this is going forward like this.
PCR as a diagnostic standard is wrong.
And now let me be clear.
I did not understand
that intramuscular injection as medicine was dumb before the pandemic.
I was just happily going along chasing tenure.
And so one of the dangers of running such a scam, where you decide to take an existing anticipated rise in all-cause mortality and turn it into something called a pandemic, is that the skepticism generated during this exercise, as described in the sparse pandemic, needed to be controlled.
and make sure that it was compartmentalized and would never be applied to the previous vaccine schedule, already known to be bullshit and easily shown to be bullshit by just looking at other countries, which 2013 Brian Hooker was very capable of doing, as we showed yesterday, but seems to no longer think that that's an important talking point in 2025.
The vaccine schedule in the United States will continue to expand to younger ages and older ages, eventually to be replaced by personalized transfection products, mRNA written for you, because these will become the gold standard for vaccine technology.
I said this already four years ago, and not so succinctly, and then about three years ago again, just like this, and so I'm just gonna repeat it now.
This is for sure happening.
whether you like it or not.
And a lot of them is for old people.
The old people are just taking whatever their doctors tell them to take.
And it's starting to become terrifying.
And so it's not happy little accidents that there's nobody saying this.
It's not a happy little accident that nobody's telling all these old people, don't take these pneumonia vaccines.
Don't take these shingles vaccines.
For the love of God, don't take another flu vaccine if you're over 65.
They're not saying anything, even something as imprecise as that.
And why is that shocking, ladies and gentlemen?
Because in 2015, Brandy Vaughn was amongst these people saying that all shots are bad.
That injection is bad.
And for a decade since, none of these people have managed to tell our children that.
So all of the children in America, for the most part, are still being injected.
And many millions are taking mRNA vaccines as boosters.
I think if you understand what's happening in America right now, and you understand how it was done,
then you gotta be mad about it.
And it's gotta be the first thing that you say every day when you wake up, that these people need to be brought to justice for using an anticipated rise in expected deaths, sculpting it using murder and sophisticated lies to create an illusion of an RNA pandemic and profiting from it for themselves, their family, and for the corporations and private piles of money that they serve.
How else can you explain that Steve Bannon worked for Goldman Sachs and Aaron Siri worked for Goldman Sachs and Bretts and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's dads worked together to form the FDA?
How can you explain that somebody like D.O.W.D.
Dowd
or H-U-D-S-O-N, Hudson, actuaries that work for insurance companies can't explain to you that the big signal was already there.
And it just had to be tweaked a little bit.
How is it possible that in 2025, there's only two people on the internet that were willing to tell you that the opioid deaths in America contributed significantly to the decline in life expectancy in America?
Just like people in Scotland were scratching their heads saying, hey, wait a minute, the average death of a person with COVID is like 82.
Surprisingly, Scotland did not have a decrease in life expectancy like America did, precisely because Americans were murdered wantonly, and not just by supplementary oxygen, ventilators, lack of antibiotic use, poor use of steroids like Robert Malone laughed about on Paul Cattrall's stream, not just remdesivir and midazolam, but by opioid deaths, killing
thousands and thousands of Americans not of elderly age and So what you need to realize is that a team of performers was put in place to take advantage of this very big signal and To help sculpt it both just in our perception and also real using fraud and murder and an elaborate hoax about about repurposed drugs
in order to create the illusion of a pandemic.
And at some point in time, these people figured out that they weren't doing anything.
I tried to explain it to you yesterday with regard to the analogy of a large tug of war, that the more people that are on each team, the less obvious it is what you as an individual puller are doing.
And the illusion that's created on social media with these people, you can pull all you want, and they will say, yeah, get it.
And all the while, the train was going to stop by itself.
All the while, it was just a play.
And you thought you could go on stage and change what these actors who are already on a script would say, and no, that's not how it works.
They only have to improvise a little bit, and then it really feels like they're listening to you and they're not.
The reality is that the McKinsey Institute is explaining it to you.
Our populations are collapsing.
It is possible that they are accelerating, and it is possible that they are sculpting
depopulation with murder.
I'm totally open with that, but what I'm telling you is the landslide's going.
And if the landslide's going and they kick a couple rocks here and a couple rocks there to make sure that certain people really suffer, well, that's okay, I'm fine with that.
But you still can't ignore that all of these people are taking advantage of an existing
biological phenomenon to tell us that there are infectious diseases and that public health has done so much for us.
And they're taking advantage of our acquiescence to social media to brainwash our children in the same ideas.
And I think it's important to understand that the right in America has been captured by an interesting group of international meddlers, a sort of motley crew of jackasses.
And yeah, I think I take it pretty personally, but I want people to be able to understand why their family members were fooled.
A lot of people voted for Trump kind of because of these people convincing them that, you know, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
might be a good compromise.
Don't underestimate how many people voted for Trump because of that little thing.
Even if it's only 100,000 here and 100,000 there, ladies and gentlemen, elections work like that.
And in fact, Polly, Tommy, and Andrew Wakefield are credited with swinging an election in the UK.
And so you can't underestimate where this money comes from and why it might not just be Americans that are donating their hard-earned cash to try and overturn or overcome a globalist system.
It's actually all baloney.
It's actually all nonsense.
It's all sabotaged organizations because the message is really, really simple.
The message is really, really simple.
We would not be here if it wasn't orchestrated.
We wouldn't have been, this was orchestrated over more than a decade.
And they might not have gotten where they needed to get.
This might be essentially a miss.
It doesn't matter.
They still have to play the cards on the table.
And that's what you see them doing.
They're playing the cards, the hand that they were dealt.
They gotta go forward with the plan because if they don't, then the whole sting falls apart.
the whole charade falls apart if even a few of these people say, hey, wait a minute, I don't want to, I don't want to consciously and intelligently manipulate the habits and opinions of my fellow citizens anymore.
I don't want to make all this money from participating in this bullshit debate.
The problem is, is that if you come to that conclusion and you're important enough, maybe you'll die in a plane crash, or maybe your gallbladder will explode.
or maybe a black van will come to your house.
Maybe your wife dies.
All I know is ladies and gentlemen, that somebody's got to break and somebody will break soon because this is the reality.
They helped with something that they probably grossly underestimated how long it would last and did not expect to be in front of me here.
Please, if you have the means...
Go to GigaOMBiological.com and find a way to support this work.
Thank you very much.
Once again, this is for all the marbles.
Not trying to repeat myself at all here.
Just trying to keep people focused on these themes that if these people have a very lively discussion, it can very much convince us of anything.
And it's very notable that none of these people have ever explained the big signal
for what it is.
In fact, it's a cornerstone.
of the illusion.
Another cornerstone of the illusion, of course, is the agreement amongst all of these people that they're worth talking about, or maybe not worth talking about.
And so Jessica Rose is an example of this, where everybody just goes on and agrees that Jessica Rose is great, even though if you look at her CV, you actually don't find much great there.
You find a virologist,
and a person who can make models, which is actually something that was used against us at the beginning of the pandemic.
But strikingly, Jessica Rose didn't cut her teeth at the beginning of the pandemic, debunking all of the models from Sage in the UK.
She actually focused on the VAERS and the spike protein.
It's a very curious application of her five post-secondary degrees and an insistence on it.
Even up until now, her latest presentation at the NCI is about VAERS.
And so that's what I mean by a limited spectrum of debate.
And your family and friends were trapped by these people.
People that voted for Trump were trapped by these people and we thought we were solving a mystery and in reality you did too.
If you think that it's always been a natural virus that these people were exaggerating about then you've also solved that mystery and you were as fooled as we were just by different people.
And I've only come to understand this because I've struggled over five years to change the minds of people, to understand what people are saying, to scrutinize people's position, and been rebuffed and ignored and even ridiculed.
And at some point I found myself with some very simple biological ideas that turned out to be ideas that Brandy Vaughn had already basically said as well as I could ever say them in 2015.
And that strikes me as very important.
Here's Brandy in 2016.
Now, in case you're not aware of the timeline, of course.
Hi, everybody.
It's ZDoggMD, AKA Dr. Zubin Damania.
You guys may know me as a fierce vaccine advocate from such hits as Immunize.
The video that I played at the beginning of the show, if you want to see it, you can go back to the beginning there, is a video by ZDoggMD released on April 1st, 2016, where he pretends that he realizes now that vaccines were all wrong and the vaccine people convinced him of that.
This is the same day that ICANN was formed, and it's the same day that Vaxxed was released.
This could just be a happy accident, of course, it could just be a happy accident, except this guy is the podcaster that helps start...
Stanford professor Vinay Prasad on the internet, podcasting at the end of 2020, who's now being promoted by some of these people that I consider traitors and supporting RFK and the FDA and all this stuff.
And curiously enough, none of these people either are capable of scrutinizing the entire battery of medical devices that should be under the purview of the FDA.
that are producing an endless remnant stream of genetic material from everybody going in every hospital, everybody tested on every campus in America, and none of these people seem to think that that's important, even though it is a foundation of what anybody at the Human Genome Project would have wanted 20 years ago.
Anyone there would have told you that if we could get everybody to give us regular samples Holy cow, I mean that'd be perfect now We would need the we would need all the computing power in the place to store it.
But man, that's great.
We can we can work on that 2016 April 1st is when this video all days people would wallow in raw sewage We're not involved to handle that people.
I
And the surprising thing about this video, if you listen to it, is the number of talking points that remained right there in the anti-vax movement that I now consider fake.
Talking about chelating, I mean, oh my gosh, it's all right there.
And that's not by accident, ladies and gentlemen.
I just don't see this as a possible accident that despite the long time personal contact, having her on stage and her being able so succinctly to present this biology so well, that all of these people just decided, well, that's the way Brandy says it.
I'm going to say it different with a talk about XMRV.
And I'm gonna talk about it different and say it's mercury.
And I'm gonna talk about it different and say it's a genetic vulnerability.
Nobody is in this narrative by chance.
I don't think this is, it's not this way.
No, I don't see anybody being in the narrative by chance anymore.
Everybody's got a timeline, just like I have a timeline.
I think my timeline shows a guy who can learn, a guy who has,
And this is an unblemished record of integrity that ends in meddling, meddling, meddling.
Yesterday we watched a video, listened to a interview of Brian Hooker, where he actually talked from 2013.
He said that he was in biotechnology for 16 years, which absolutely floored me.
He said that he worked on genetically modified plants, which absolutely floored me, because what that means is that he knows what transformation and transfection is, and I didn't have to tell him that.
You see why that's terrifying?
So he's an expert in the FDA regulatory process.
He told that to the interviewer.
So I said that he seems genuine here.
He mentions his VAERS report.
He talks about Barbara Fisher.
He talks about the 2004 Immunization Safety Committee.
He talks about, they say he criticizes them because they only looked at the MMR and thimerosal, kind of implying that, you know, all intramuscular injection is potentially shit.
And at one point in time in the interview, he said that the whole rationale for vaccination he questions.
Now, I don't know if that's the same as the whole methodology of intramuscular injection, because that's my specific message.
But anyway, I was impressed.
But I just wrote down here at the end, remember, he doesn't use the term autism.
He says his son is vaccine injured and neurologically damaged.
That's, that's...
Brian Hooker in 2013.
Those are the notes I took yesterday.
So today I want to listen to this interview, at least a little bit of it.
The Union of the Unwanted, which was taped or recorded, excuse me, about a week or so after Brandy Vaughn died.
And it has a lot of the same people that were in that Tina Marie stream that we listened to.
And we're in a week later, we'll be in a Robert Malone stream and a week before we're in a Robert Stone
Roger Stone, excuse me.
So that's a really interesting set of characters that have come into these meetings.
So, you know, it's strange because this is right after Brandy Vaughn is dead.
I think this is here, but I'm going to escape and use this one back here because I can put the stream, set it a little higher.
I want to set the speed a bit higher.
I, oops, sorry.
Okay, so listen to the beginning because the beginning is already quite stunning because again, this is like a week after Brandy died and it starts out with really laughter and all kinds of other stuff.
So great, so great.
So my first stop after I finished seeing my patients today was to Costco.
I bought like six roasted chickens and a bunch of frozen vegetables and I was like, okay, we're gonna be fine.
Lock it down.
That's right.
So talking about buying supplies, I was actually on the phone with Scott, Dr. Scott Jensen a little bit ago.
He's actually in Senate during a hearing right now.
And he calls me and he's like, hey, I'm going to be a little late because, you know, I'm taking care of some stuff.
It was going long.
So, you know, he said he'll drop it once he can.
But he's a FYI.
We're live.
Are we really?
Yeah.
Seven o'clock, right?
Yes, yes, yes.
So let's everybody can you dig it?
So this is the first time that we're live on our
Specific union of unwanted YouTube channel.
It has its own feed.
It has its own float page Hopefully very soon will also be on Odyssey and library and all those alternative places Which will hopefully also be mainstream places and where most of us spend our time in the near future But we have some amazing guests.
I didn't you got me off guard Mike.
I didn't know I was a But we got some amazing guests.
I was just telling you guys I don't know if we're live or not, but dr. Scott Jensen should be also joining us He has an amazing story, which I think
is really important he's been on my show and and you know if we get a to have another opportunity to share his story it's super important so this is the first time i think this is uh we're always doing new things on these shows and today is the first time we possibly might have two doctors on uh our three doctors we have two now dr kendra becker and then dr brian hooker is with us they both have phenomenal looks like we got some readers here
But because we're live, and actually I'd like to go to the new guests.
Interesting to note that Kendra and Brian said hi to each other and smiled at each other there.
So they know each other before they joined this group.
I can play that again for you if you want to see it.
I'll just go back a couple seconds.
So joining us, he has an amazing story, which I think is really important.
He's been on my show and, you know, if we get to have another opportunity to share his story, it's super important.
So this is the first time, I think this is, we're always doing new things on these shows.
And today is the first time we possibly might have two doctors on, or three doctors.
We have two now, Dr. Kendra Becker and then Dr. Brian Hooker is with us.
They both have phenomenal.
Looks like we got some readers here.
Hi, Brian.
But because we're live and actually I like to go to the new guests first and usually kind of give a little bit of a background because people who've been listening to this show kind of know a little bit about everybody else.
But if Dr. Kendra Becker and Dr. Brian Hooker, if you guys can give us just like a brief little background of your story and how you got involved with this, you know, exposing truth.
Brian, you want to go first?
I'm really fine either way, but I'll just jump in.
My name is Brian Hooker.
And I am very active in the whole health freedom movement, especially around vaccines and vaccine injury.
I want the truth to get out regarding vaccines and vaccine injury.
I am the father of a 22-year-old male who was injured by his 15-month vaccines and is still in the process of recovering from those injuries, you know, now 20 years later.
And so I've been very, very active in this movement since about 2001.
And I work directly right now with Children's Health Defense, which is Bobby Kennedy Jr.'
's organization.
and have been on Ricky's show before and I'm really, really excited to be here.
So I think it's important to note again, that he's been in this for a long, long time.
And Brian Hooker represents somebody that I think may need to be controlled, may need to be kept on script in order to make sure that the criminality of the vaccine schedule does not reach a threshold level of understanding in the general population.
And so it's okay if he says certain things.
It's okay if he questions certain things.
And at the beginning of the pandemic, Brandy Hooker, I'm sorry, Brandy Hooker, Brandy Vaughn just died.
We are still in the first year of this nonsense where only people like me
were saying that something very bad was happening.
Only very few people were on the internet like me saying that I think they're gonna use this to destroy America, to try and extract the last bit of wealth out of America, which I said six months before this video was recorded.
When I didn't know who Brandy Vaughn was, I didn't know that the vaccine schedule was criminal, I didn't know who Children's Health Defense was, I still thought vaccines worked, but these new ones were not vaccines.
They were lying about a novel virus and what it could potentially do.
And so again,
There are people in the world that need to be put on script, need to be offered a script, need to be coerced into accepting a script.
And I think that Brian Hooker is definitely one of those people who could have been given a script, suggested a script, and to a large extent sticks to it.
And I don't know if that makes him as bad as the rest of these people, but I do think it means that he has not been truthful to me since I have known him.
He wasn't truthful to me when I was a staff scientist at Children's Health Defense.
Otherwise, he would have told me that he had 16 years of biotechnology experience that included transforming and transfecting plants.
Which means that he would understand how
These are not investigational vaccines, but they're just transfections and transformations.
And that's what we could have told college kids in 2020, and none of them would have ever submitted to the shot.
We could have encouraged college kids to boycott college.
That could have been the message that CHD sent out.
Don't let them test you, just get a job.
Okay, let's let it go, sorry.
Yeah, many of you guys know about the CD whistleblower, right?
The CDC whistleblower, Dr. William Thompson.
Well, you can thank Dr. Brian Hooker for that story.
He is in that movie, The Dell Big Tree film.
He's the one who- Just make sure you know this is at 1.33 speeds.
So yes, they're all talking fast.
They're not wired up.
recorded the phone calls and all that stuff.
And because of his background in science and all that stuff, he really understands the research and he knew exactly what he was looking at.
And so it was an amazing story, because that documentary got labeled a conspiracy theory podcast, or documentary.
But the truth is that it was a cover-up documentary.
It was about a cover-up, and that's really what it was about.
But Dr. Kendra Becker, also a friend who we've spoken many times, can you share a little bit of your background, please?
Sure.
So I started out, I went to college and became a nurse and I was going to be the next Florence Nightingale.
So I spent eight years in conventional medicine and realized that there was a better way to treat patients that were sick because what we were doing was not healthcare, it was death care.
So I went back to school, got my naturopathic doctor degree, and also my APRN just because of the way that things have worked out with practice rights and things like that in the state that I started in.
So that was kind of the beginning of my awakening on the medical side, I'd always been involved in politics, and as I kind of furthered my career, my specialty became genetics and epigenetics so about eight years ago when I doubled down in genetics and epigenetics and really understood and became very aware of the political climate and how it was affecting not only my life but the lives of my children.
and anybody else who wanted to be born in a hospital or anywhere else and the level of medical intervention that was required to actually live on this planet.
Those two worlds kind of collided for me and I became a very prominent advocate in both the health freedom movement and also the conservative movement and particularly the first amendment.
And so I've kind of just sat there for the last eight or so years and now that my kids are a little older I find that it's easier to travel and it's a little bit easier to be vocal because I'm able to educate them and they can kind of stand up on their own when somebody says oh your mother she's one of those and they can be like yeah well she's one of those and this is why.
And so
That's kind of how I got involved and I'm clearly not afraid to speak my mind but in this climate with the amount of censorship it is it is very challenging so anybody that is willing to speak freely and speak the truth needs to stand up and today's the day to do it.
Interesting.
So it's really about censorship for her.
It's an interesting early message in December 2020.
It's also interesting to note how many degrees she throws out there, how many different reasons why you need to respect her opinion.
She also got into genetics and epigenetics, which I don't even know really what that means, but she's talking very much like a Jessica Rose.
you know, computational biology, immunology, molecular biology, uh, mathematics and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I mean, to me, this again, doesn't sound like a, a lot of humility here.
I heard a lot of humility from, from Brian.
I didn't hear a lot of humility from Kendra.
And in fact, it's not very clear really what she's concerned about.
Is it the Corona virus?
Is it the, the, what, what, what exactly it,
The gray area here is what bothers me the most, right?
Because I still haven't really heard the fact that there is a fake pandemic happening or that they're murdering people in hospitals or that, you know, the PCR is being used to murder, excuse murder.
There's nothing like that here.
It's so general terms yet.
yet?
being a hot topic at the moment.
Dr. Brian Hooker knows firsthand that the science is very sketchy and whatnot.
What was your initial opinions on all this stuff, knowing your background and the fact that obviously you can't trust the CDC and Big Pharma and everything you've learned?
What was your perspective and your opinions on what's going on now with the pushing of vaccines?
Ricky, it's obviously very scary what's happening right now and what's going on.
The Pfizer version of the BioNTech version of the vaccine and really all of the frontrunner vaccine candidates
are completely new technology.
They've never been used on humans before.
The clinical trial data was hastily put together over a period of 10 to 14 weeks.
So we really have no long-term safety studies.
We don't know what happens when you take messenger RNA that they're using in these formulations and you put it into human bodies.
We do know that there's a higher propensity of things like Bell's palsy and other neurological diseases.
People have died from these vaccines.
And, you know, I went to the clinical trial data directly when it became available for the FDA.
And what I saw was that, you know, they're supposed to be giving these vaccines to seniors in nursing homes.
And these are already chronically ill individuals.
You're not supposed to vaccinate six people even under, you know, a very, very flawed system of medical care.
You're not supposed to do that.
That's what happened to my son.
He was vaccinated when he had an active ear infection.
And that sent him tremendously downhill very, very quickly.
And so, you know, I think this is a great way to clear out nursing home beds you're going to kill people, you are absolutely going to kill people with these vaccines.
The, the population that was most under representative was the geriatric population.
In fact, the phase two clinical trials where they did safety data, they literally had 22 individuals that they tested that were above 68 years of age, and this is the primary now they're they're sending out millions
across the United States for people who are on long term care.
And it's a disaster.
It's an absolute disaster waiting to happen.
It's already happening in the UK and I know it will only be worse here.
Okay, so that's not entirely wrong, but it is very imprecise, right?
Because with his 16 years of experience as a geneticist and a biotechnologist transforming and transfecting plants, he could have been more precise.
He could have said more than we don't have any data from humans.
He could have said the only data we have from humans using this technology is for dying cancer patients.
He could have said the only data that we have for humans on this stuff is people like Jesse Gelsinger.
Am I supposed to believe that he doesn't know who Jesse Gelsinger is?
I'm just frustrated right now because what I hear is a guy out of script already.
The same script that he used on me.
And it becomes very obvious very quick that if you were going to try to pull off a national security operation with global reach, which would convince the globe of something, where your primary target is to bamboozle the American population and any English speaking people in the world, you would need to control somebody like Brian Hooker.
You'd need to control somebody like Brandy Vaughn.
Need to control somebody like Tony Bark.
You'd need to control somebody like Annalise Kilbourn.
a
We have oodles of data from the academic bench, from rodent studies, from primate studies, where we know that transfection is not a long-term treatment.
You can't transfect an animal and then have it live a long, healthy life afterward.
You can't do that in a monkey.
That's why they don't transfect monkeys unless they're planning on sacrificing them.
Understand this, ladies and gentlemen.
It's not like they transfect monkeys in the lab and then they live for 30 years and do experiments on them.
That's not how this works.
It's never worked like that.
If it worked like that, there would be all kinds of studies, all kinds of papers done where they change the expression of a protein in a monkey and found out the consequences and they showed you the monkey.
Please understand that simple statement is truth.
If they could transfect monkeys and it wouldn't kill them, it wouldn't permanently dysregulate their system to the point of... Then they would be doing it all the time.
Try to find the papers where they transfect a monkey when it's young and then study the effects of the transfection long-term and get positive results from anything.
anything.
Just try to find one paper where they do that because they've had decades to try it.
Brian Hooker's been transforming and transfecting plants in the germline forever.
Isn't it very easy for him to suggest that, you know, altering the genetics of plants and altering the genetics of something like a human is a very different thing.
And we don't even understand it perfectly in plants after decades of doing it.
When we can cut them open, look at them under the microscope and grow more, we can grow thousands of them and see and test.
And we still don't really get it.
So how in goodness sakes are we gonna be able to do it for your beautiful little perfect baby?
Why isn't he just saying that?
Isn't that the truth?
What is the truth of the vaccine schedule, Brian?
I don't think you actually said it.
Now we're talking to Dr. Kendra again.
Giving a lecture on the different COVID vaccines that are being released on the 21st, which I think is Monday in Dunedin, Florida.
So if anybody wants that information, I can pass that flyer around.
And specifically speaking to what Brian said, you're absolutely correct.
I mean, the studies on these were so flimsy and any vaccine going forward, the phase three trials start when they start dispensing it into the general public.
In this case, this vaccine was rushed so quickly using state-of-the-art technology that's never been used before.
We know even by the small number of clinical trials that they've done, that it ramps up autoimmunity, that it causes anaphylactic reactions, and that it really kind of amplifies and ramps up the immune system.
So in a country where 50% of our children care- It sounds like it might work.
Technology they've never used before, processes they've never used before, but that's ridiculous.
They've been making protein biologics for decades and it's that process minus the last two parts.
They don't even have to purify the RNA because they can't.
Talking so confidently like this is evidence of a script.
This is 2020.
It's not like she's had three or four years to figure this out.
She knows.
a chronic medical diagnosis, we're going to go ahead and continue to amplify what's going on in their immune system.
I think it's dangerous and unsafe.
And furthermore, the amount of, and we've talked a lot about predictive programming and fear-based education and things that have been going on in the mainstream media.
But furthermore, we have a vaccine that's 90% effective for a virus that is 99.99% curable.
I mean, just survivable.
The thinking on all of this is a far greater problem than the vaccine.
You know, I'm a capitalist.
People want to put out a crappy product and people want to buy that crappy product.
That's up to them, that is not up to me.
But when the government starts mandating and dispensing what they're calling healthcare for no apparent reason without any sound scientific backing, that's when we start talking about tyranny.
And that's the conversation I think we need to have.
I mean, we're in a very, very scary predicament at this point.
Can I just ask a question about the efficacy?
Because as I understand it, and this is claimed efficacy, because when Bill Gates was talking about this in April, these Moderna vaccinations and the trials, they said 50% efficacy.
As I understand, the efficacy is not an infection rate, it is producing these antibodies that they claim will be there.
So they don't know whether you can be infected or it's going to lower the infection or even mortality rate.
So really with this efficacy, when they say it's 90% effective, that's not from getting you infected, as I understand it, or even lowering a mortality rate that if you believe the World Health Organization, we played the video many times, it is a 99.4% survivable virus, probably better than that.
So you guys as doctors, please talk about when they talk about efficacy, they're not talking about infection or mortality rates.
They are only talking about the antibodies, correct?
Well, the whole thing is all, it's just a big word soup and it's a bunch of blobby blobby blobs.
I mean, it's the same kind of ridiculous predictive programming they use with the measles vaccine.
Brian, you can speak to that.
I mean, don't you remember the marketing that went on with Merck?
They saved 21 million children with the MMR vaccine?
I mean, come on, these numbers don't make any sense whatsoever.
And they don't even have to because vaccines are 100% liability free.
So they can put whatever they want on the outside of that label.
It doesn't matter what's inside, your little microchip, your little nanos.
We could talk about all the different ingredients in there, which are equivalently scary.
And not to mention the fact that now it's a double jab right you got to go and then you have to be back on day 28.
That's what they're saying for the Pfizer vaccine, you better be back on day 28 or your immunity quote unquote is going to win.
So that is correct.
And, and the immunity.
itself.
You know, if you look at the presence of what they call neutralizing antibodies, which are the ones that supposedly are going to go after COVID-19.
But who's got the word soup here when these people all know already that Brandy could explain it very succinctly.
The difference is between injection and ingestion.
And these people are suggesting that there's no difference.
And instead of debating the specifics about this jab or that jab or 28 days or whatever, start with the foundational thing that Brian apparently learned a long time ago.
That intramuscular injection to augment the immune system of a healthy child is dubious.
He doubts the whole principle.
That's what he said in 2013.
Why not say that now?
Why are we going through all this, this tall grass when we could just surf it all and woo, like a, like the skateboard in, in Back to the Future.
Instead, we're trying to bushwhack through all this crap.
Why can't Brian Hooker say, dudes, before the pandemic, I knew this was bullshit.
Before the pandemic, I would have told you not to give your kid any jabs at all.
So in the pandemic, I can assure you, you don't want to buy into this bullshit.
Do you see how easy it is to say it?
And do you see how striking it is that they're not saying it that way?
It almost seems like Dr. Kendra is there to make sure it doesn't get said that way.
See that one booster is not going to be enough.
This is, this is a quite a business enterprise because they're going to come back in three months and say, you know what, you have to get the vaccine again.
And then you have to get two doses of the vaccine again.
You can tell already just by the documentation that was submitted to the FDA that yeah, you do produce some neutralizing antibodies to that.
The immune system does work absolutely fine.
And they've proven that, but that because it's such a horribly imperfect, imperfect,
immunity, then the antibody titers drop off precipitously, and so you're back at square one, you're basically... What do I find frustrating here?
I find frustrating that this is the argument that I was having in 2020 when I didn't know shit about the vaccine schedule.
I was able to get to this point to realize that the argument about immunity was bullshit, that the talking points were contradictory, that there was a lot of incongruency, so much so that I was inspired to buy a few textbooks and read them front to back.
And I still hadn't figured out that the vaccine schedule itself, the whole methodology was stupid.
This guy apparently knows it.
And yet he is still arguing about the specific details of the immunity and how it's generated and whether that's real or not and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
The exact talking points that Saturday Night Live will do a skit about, the exact talking points that there's a three-dimensional cartoon of on the NIH director's website about antibodies to the vaccine versus antibodies to the virus.
They are actually regurgitating
reinforcing and establishing the boundaries of the limited spectrum of debate exactly as their script is told, and minimally using what should be their best weapon in their quiver
which is that, you know, we knew that the vaccine schedule before the pandemic was garbage and it's garbage because intramuscular injection is not a good way to administer medicine.
It doesn't matter what combination of substances it is.
You see how easy it is to say, and they're not saying it.
And for five years after this, they're still not going to be able to say it.
Just getting poisoned in a vial with perhaps some type of short-term immunity that they don't know whether it's going to reverse severe, um,
prevent severe cases.
They don't know if they're going to create asymptomatic carriers.
with this particular vaccine.
It is completely a crapshoot.
And, you know, they're- Asymptomatic carriers might be created by this vaccine.
Is that the same thing that James Lyons Weiler was talking about in August, 2019, about how the vaccine schedule in America creates asymptomatic carriers, that everybody that's vaccinated to measles is carrying it asymptomatically?
He actually said that on video in 2019.
a few months before the pandemic started now here's brian hooker his colleague in arms ignoring brandy hooker's basic brandy vaughn's basic biology brian hooker is explaining the cdc conundrum the nih's conundrum moderna's conundrum you know what protein should we vaccinate against and will it be good enough
gambling with the United States population.
And 58% of the United States population has already said, yeah, they will get the COVID-19 vaccine.
So this is a cataclysm that we've never seen medically.
So that's right.
So then why not use more precise, more precise wording?
No one should take these shots.
Because before the pandemic, I was saying that no one should take any shots.
Wait a minute.
Maybe Brian wasn't saying that before the pandemic.
Now it's starting to come into focus, isn't it?
Let me make clear, I'm saying it, nobody should intramuscularly inject medicine again if we win.
I also want to point out today, Santa Clara County is doing door-to-door virus testing.
Now, they are targeting lower-income populations, in my opinion, because they are less likely to have the resources to fight back.
Now, my question is, they're going to do this virus testing, and if this vaccine is only producing these antibodies,
then why aren't they testing the people that may have been infected and produced the antibodies in the first place to see if they even need the vaccine?
That's not even talked about, correct?
Of course it's not even talked about.
And even Trump has said multiple times, once you get it, then you're immune for life.
Now, I don't know that that's the case.
I know that I had COVID in February and I tested positive for antibodies in May.
So I have not retested since May, but I know that I had them three months after, and that at the time was the research that was, they said that that was a sweet spot as far as seeing antibodies.
So the other thing is, and correct me if I'm wrong, Dr. Hooker, but it's the B cells that actually create the antibodies in our immune system, but this vaccine targets T cells, correct?
This vaccine also targets T cells, and the T cell response was woeful.
It was just, you know.
That right there is enough to end the whole, I don't need to watch anymore.
I'm sick to my stomach.
The idea that these two jackasses went on a stream to confirm to one another, correct me if I'm wrong, Dr. Hooker, but B cells are making the antibodies and these, these vaccines target T cells.
Well, seeing as you can't target a lipid nanoparticle, I'm really curious as to how in the Sam hell they're targeting T-cells.
Who the hell told you to say that, Brian?
With your 16 years of biotechnology, this is it.
Now, I will watch the rest of this video probably tomorrow, but I'm going to end it right here because this is it.
This is an admission, and it's an admission of Dr. Kendra and Dr. Hooker that these people are playing a game.
They might be paid.
They might have been coerced.
They might have signed a nondisclosure agreement with a weaponized pile of money or with a government.
I don't care.
The bottom line is, is that the vaccine schedule is not going to end.
The criminal vaccine schedule in America is not going to be exposed with people like these rising and performing on social media.
This vaccine targets T-cells, said Brian Hooker.
I'm sorry, Brian.
That's the straw that broke the camel's back for me.
I am, I am absolutely pissed.
I did not expect that to happen so early in that video.
Ladies and gentlemen, these people are frauds.
A lot of these people on this screen are frauds.
I don't think that Wolfgang's a fraud.
I don't think that Robert F. Kennedy's a fraud.
I just don't think he's capable of thinking his way out of the Truman Show that he is.
And I don't think that Thomas Binder or Sukhrat Bhakti are total frauds, but they are all one way or another participating in the wrangling of cats that is social media.
Brett Weinstein's track record reveals him as a traitor, just like Kevin McKernan's track record reveals him as an arch traitor.
It is impossible to explain the podcast record of this clown and his references to me without seeing him as a traitor, right up until his declaration that Charles Rixey is the guy who helped our Health and Human Services Secretary write his red book.
You can test all of these posers by just looking at what they were doing in 2020.
It doesn't matter who you choose.
There are not happy accidents.
You will not find happy accidents.
You will find a carefully orchestrated theater with stars and co-stars and act after act after act.
as they continue to double down on a script that's already far, far, far from where they want it to be.
But it's doing only one thing.
It is protecting the U.S.
vaccine schedule as a criminal enterprise.
You see, you international viewers need to start speaking out about American children.
just like you speak out against about children that are suffering in other places, you need to speak out for American children because they are being poisoned at a rate that is not being done anywhere else on earth.
And our own Americans on the right and the conservative right are so bamboozled by these fake actors that they're not gonna save those kids either.
We need your help.
Because you have some of these happy little accidents in your own country, like Claire Craig, or like Geert van den Bosch, or like Thomas, I mean, Jonathan Engler, or Nick Hudson.
They're all participating because they're all helping to protect the illusion of the U.S.
vaccine schedule.
Because they all have the ability to compare it to that of their own.
And they have been paid to keep the scrutiny on the COVID shots and not on the system as a whole until they can, over the course of the next five or six years, essentially change to a personalized vaccine schedule or the impetus for it.
That's the reason why they will never list all the ways that this murder and fraud was committed.
That's why they will continue to solve the mystery of the novel virus and claim victory, having always been right.
That's why none of these organizations ever explain this, never will ever cite me.
That's why this truth will never get out unless you start pushing it.
There is no safe vaccine and intramuscular injection of medicine is a lie.
I don't know what to tell you, ladies and gentlemen, make a calendar for them and you'll figure it out.
This has been GigaOM Biological.
It's been real good, real fun.
Glad to see you guys.
I'm going to get some lunch in me quick and then head to the gym.
Thank you very much for being here.
I'll probably be on tomorrow because this is not stopping.
There's lots of wood to pile and I don't want to get behind on it.
Thank you very much for being here.
I hope to see you again soon.